And here we go with the first part.
Defining the environment.
So will the final states will define the actions and will define the reward.
That's always what we have to do when finding any environment for any model we build.
So first of all what is the state what is the state in an A.M..
That's always the same thing.
The state is very simply the input of your amoral.
It is exactly what will go into the model as input and then this will take the state as input and will
return an output which is exactly the action to play and which will define afterwards.
And so we're going to be at a stage we're all going to be the inputs of our IMO the early model.
Well very simply this is going to be the location where our autonomous wherehouse robot is at a specific
time.
So for example let's say that at a specific time T are anonymous warehouse robot and location B then
the state will be location B.
However since we're going to build the current model which as you can imagine contains some mathematical
equations.
Well we cannot really work with letters here and therefore we have to do some coding to map each of
these locations letters into indexes.
And that's exactly what you see here a mapping between the locations and the state because in the states
are going to be exactly the indexes and coding these locations.
And there is actually a specific reason why we start from zero here and going one by one.
That's because we're going to work with matrices because indeed the next step after defining the states
and the actions will be to define a word function which is actually a function taking the state and
actions as input.
And since we have a finite number of states and you will see will have a finite number of actions.
While the best way to define this word function is with a matrix.
So that's why the indexes start from zero to 11.
But what's most important to understand here is that the state which is the input of the killer in the
model is the location where our autonomous wherehouse robot is at a specific time.
So I'll give you a final example before you move onto the action if at a specific time T are autonomous
warehouse robot is in location age.
Well the state will be seven.
All right.
Perfect.
Now let's move onto the actions.
So again the actions are very simple to define here because we're dealing with Kuder in cloning is the
easiest model to define an environment.
So what is going to be the action here.
I remind that the action is the output of the curity model.
It takes a state as input for example state B and it returns an output which is the action to play.
Can you guess what action might be here.
Well very simply the action is the possible next location where our ultimate warehouse robot can go.
So for example when input stages B when the item was warehouse robot is in location be the only locations
where it can go or either location location see all location and therefore the possible actions here
that can be the outputs of the killer and immoral are the actions leading to the action to see or the
action leading to.
And so we're going to take the same mapping as we took for the state and the action will be nothing
else than the encoding index of the next location where it can go.
So for example when being an input state be the location be if the next location of the robot is location
A then the action played here is the index corresponding to a According to some previous mapping that
is action 0.
If it goes to see the action will be two.
And if it goes to the action will be the next cories point f that is indexed 5.
And that's why the possible actions that the AI can play overall are our actions from 0 to 11 because
we have 12 locations encoded from 0 to 11 and that's the possible actions that you can play.
But of course the AI cannot play any of these actions when being in a specific location.
But we'll specify that by making a functionals you know implementation that will return the possible
actions that the eye can play when being in a specific input state.
That is when being in a specific location.
So just keep in mind that the action is the next location where the eye can go encoded by these indexes
here.
And for each input state will specify what are the possible actions that the eye can play.
All right so that's for the actions.
Now we'll move onto the word actually do that in the next tutorial because it will take us a bit more
time to build this reward function.